docs(nextjs): Update Next.js GlobalError prop type (#10425)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/guides/nextjs/manual-setup.mdx

import NextError from "next/error";
import { useEffect } from "react";

export default function GlobalError({ error }: { error: Error & { digest?: string } }) {
  useEffect(() => {
    Sentry.captureException(error);
  }, [error]);

  return (
    <html>
      <body>

>         {/* Passing `0` as `statusCode` as the type has to be a number, but we do not get a status code here. */}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        {/* `NextError` is the default Next.js error page component. Its type
        definition requires a `statusCode` prop, however, since the App Router
        does not expose status codes for errors, we simply pass 0 to render a
        generic error message.*/}
```

I would put the same text in the wizard PR.
